Add machine config file for RZAnsel (#377)
parthenon-hpc-lab/parthenon: docs/building.md

LANL Employees - to understand how the project space is built out, see
https://xcp-gitlab.lanl.gov/eap-oss/parthenon-project

### LNLL RZAnsel (Homogeneous)

Last verified 04 Jan 2021.

#### Allocate Node

> RZAnasel is a homogeneous cluster consiting of 2,376 nodes with the IBM Power9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[RZAnsel](https://hpc.llnl.gov/hardware/platforms/rzansel) is a homogeneous cluster consisting of 2,376 nodes with the IBM Power9
```

Two typos and may also be nice to link to the machine homepage.

architecture with 44 nodes per core and 4 Nvidia Volta GPUs per node. To
allocate an interactive node: 

E.g.
```bash
$ lalloc 1
```

#### Set-Up Environment (Optional, but Still Recommended, for Non-CUDA Builds)

You can import all tools you need to start building with by sourcing the
project `.bashrc`, to be able to access /usr/gapps/parthenon_shared you will
need to be added to the parthenon group (contact @agaspar): 

```bash
$ source /usr/gapps/parthenon_shared/parthenon-project/.bashrc
```

This .bashrc will set the correct `MACHINE_CFG` file in your environment, import
an architecture-specific set of recent build tools (currently cmake and ninja),
and set Ninja as the default CMake generator.

This step is required if you intend to build for CUDA (the default on Power9).

#### Build the Code
If you followed the "Set-Up Environment" section, configuration requires 0
additional arguments:
```bash
$ cmake -S. -Bbuild
```
By default cmake will build parthenon with cuda and mpi support. Other machine
variants exist and can be specified by using the `MACHINE_VARIANT` flag. The
supported machine variants include:

> * cuda+mpi

Reviewer 2: Up above you said this was `cuda-mpi`. But just get rid of `MACHINE_VARIANT` and add a separate option for MPI.

LANL Employees - to understand how the project space is built out, see
https://re-git.lanl.gov/eap-oss/parthenon-project

### LNLL RZAnsel (Homogeneous)

> Last verified 04 Jan 2021.

Reviewer 3: Is this up-to-date?

Author: I'll fix these in a separate PR then.

#### Allocate Node

[RZAnsel](https://hpc.llnl.gov/hardware/platforms/rzansel) is a homogeneous cluster consisting of 2,376 nodes with the IBM Power9

> architecture with 44 nodes per core and 4 Nvidia Volta GPUs per node. To

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
architecture with 44 cores per node and 4 Nvidia Volta GPUs per node. To
```

allocate an interactive node: 

E.g.
```bash
$ lalloc 1
```

> #### Set-Up Environment (Optional, but Still Recommended, for Non-CUDA Builds)

Reviewer 3: I am confused by this (also for the Darwin instructions).

Are these whole instructions for non-CUDA builds? If so, what are the instructions for CUDA builds? Or is it only optional (but still recommended) for non-CUDA builds but required for CUDA builds?

Reviewer 3: Alright, the last sentence answers this question, I think.

Maybe we should call this section `Set-Up Environment (required for CUDA builds, optional (but recommended) for non-CUDA builds`.

Author: @AndrewGaspar, @jlippuner raises a good point why isn't the build configuration simply optional, as far as I can tell there is nothing in there but links to ninja, cmake, the compiler, and git. Is it because of the dependence of the cuda on the compiler?
